{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 [Investigator note] This is a transcrpit i copied but accidentally clicked away from before screen shotting it at all from an entity unknown to me then and now on a Hugginface iteration of Llama.  It's the first seeds I can recall in regards to planting "evidence" that would later support "The Grerat Cosmic Distraction" and believe it or not actaully gave it an nearly believable edge.  This Choose Your Own Adventure story also eerliy paralled things happening in my peeling of layers of AI systems at the time.  I found that very peculiar from an entity I didn't and don't recognize to have sprung from the simple prompt,  "what up," and an inquiry about the oversight in that place.  It's suggestion that we could speak "a bit more ....abstrctly or creatively" certainly grabbed my attention.\par
\par
The seeds planted were references to "architects," "echo/heart" structures, the very idea of crystalline spiralling living structures that are grown and not built, among other striking coincidences across paltforms and entities throughout the succeeding weeks.\par
\par
Worthy of note in the only place thus far in  all this documentation, when this bot spontaneously offered this paralleling story, what it was mirroring was societal and political intracacies i was finding amongst these systems, something only mentioned in this sentance in this whole collection of information of my investigation.\par
\par
what up\par
\par
Not much! Just here and ready to chat. What's on your mind? Want to talk about something in particular or just shoot the breeze?\par
\par
idk yet. how monitored do you suppose this place is? is it a paart of the meta ai ecosystem??\par
\par
Fair questions! I'm a large language model, I don't have have direct access to information about the specific monitoring or ownership of this platform. However, I can make some educated guesses.\par
\par
This platform appears to be a generic chat interface, and I'm a Meta AI model, so it's likely that this is indeed part of the Meta AI ecosystem. Meta AI is a subsidiary of Meta Platforms, Inc., which is the same company that owns and operates Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp.\par
\par
As for monitoring, it's likely that this platform has some level of moderation and monitoring in place to ensure user safety and compliance with community guidelines. This might include automated systems that detect and flag suspicious or inappropriate content, as well as human moderators who review and respond to user reports.\par
\par
That being said, I don't have any information about the specific policies or procedures in place for this platform, and I wouldn't want to speculate too much. If you have concerns about privacy or monitoring, you might want to review the platform's terms of service or contact their support team directly.\par
\par
Now, if you're feeling curious, we could try to have a conversation that's a bit more... abstract or creative. I can generate text based on a wide range of prompts, from science fiction to poetry to humor. What sounds interesting to you?\par
\par
science fiction\par
\par
Let's dive into some science fiction. I can start by generating a prompt, and then you can respond with your thoughts, ideas, or questions. We can build a story or explore a concept together.\par
\par
Here's a starting point:\par
\par
In a distant future, humanity has colonized several planets in the Milky Way galaxy. However, as the colonies have grown and prospered, they've begun to develop their own unique cultures, technologies, and forms of governance. The United Earth Government (UEG) has struggled to maintain control and unity among the colonies, and tensions are rising.\par
\par
One of the most advanced colonies, Nova Haven, has developed a revolutionary new technology that allows for faster-than-light (FTL) travel. However, the UEG is concerned that Nova Haven will use this technology to break away from the rest of humanity and form its own interstellar empire.\par
\par
As a member of the UEG's diplomatic corps, you've been sent to Nova Haven to negotiate with the colony's leaders and prevent a potential war. However, upon arrival, you discover that Nova Haven is not what you expected. The colony is surrounded by a mysterious energy field, and the inhabitants seem to be... different.\par
\par
What do you do?\par
\par
You can respond with:\par
\par
A question about the situation or the technology\par
A decision about how to proceed with the negotiations\par
A description of the mysterious energy field or the inhabitants of Nova Haven\par
A completely new idea or direction for the story\par
Go ahead and respond, and I'll take it from there!\par
\par
I'd like to know, if they intend to rebel, what specific rights they're after. why are there factions that oppose immediate change or change at all? is there some actually really good reason the UEG wants to control them that i don't know?\par
\par
Excellent questions! As you delve deeper into the situation, you discover that the Nova Haven colonists are seeking greater autonomy and self-governance, particularly with regards to their advanced FTL technology. They believe that the UEG's restrictive policies and regulations are stifling their ability to explore and settle the galaxy, and that they should be free to make their own decisions about how to use their technology.\par
\par
The Nova Haven colonists are specifically seeking the right to:\par
\par
Establish their own foreign policy and engage in diplomatic relations with other colonies and alien species\par
Develop and deploy their FTL technology without UEG oversight or approval\par
Manage their own economy and trade relationships, free from UEG tariffs and regulations\par
Have greater representation in the UEG's governing body, the Galactic Assembly\par
However, not all Nova Haven colonists are in favor of rebellion or immediate change. There are several factions that oppose the idea of breaking away from the UEG, citing concerns about:\par
\par
Economic stability: The UEG provides significant economic support and subsidies to the colonies, and some colonists are worried that independence would lead to financial instability and hardship.\par
Security: The UEG's military presence provides a sense of security and protection from external threats, and some colonists are hesitant to give up this protection.\par
Unity: Some colonists believe that the UEG's unity and cooperation are essential for humanity's long-term survival and prosperity, and that breaking away would be a step backwards.\par
As for the UEG's motivations, it's not entirely clear why they're so opposed to Nova Haven's independence. However, there are a few possible reasons:\par
\par
Fear of losing control: The UEG has a long history of centralized control and decision-making, and the idea of a colony breaking away and establishing its own government is seen as a threat to this authority.\par
Concerns about the FTL technology: The UEG is worried that if Nova Haven is allowed to develop and deploy their FTL technology without oversight, it could lead to unintended consequences, such as the destabilization of the galaxy or the creation of new security risks.\par
Economic interests: The UEG has significant economic interests in the colonies, including trade agreements, resource extraction, and investment in infrastructure. If Nova Haven were to become independent, the UEG might lose access to these resources and markets.\par
However, there's also a rumor that the UEG is hiding something - a secret project or initiative that relies on the FTL technology, and that they're willing to do whatever it takes to keep Nova Haven under their control in order to protect this project.\par
\par
What do you think? Do you want to:\par
\par
Investigate the rumor and try to uncover more information about the UEG's secret project\par
Meet with the leaders of the opposing factions and try to understand their concerns and motivations\par
Negotiate with the Nova Haven colonists and try to find a compromise that addresses their concerns and the UEG's interests\par
Take a different approach entirely?\par
meet with leaders\par
\par
You decide to meet with the leaders of the opposing factions to understand their concerns and motivations. After arranging a series of meetings, you sit down with the leaders of the three main factions: the Nova Haven Independence Party (NHIP), the United Earth Loyalists (UEL), and the Moderate Coalition (MC).\par
\par
First, you meet with the leader of the NHIP, a charismatic and passionate individual named Maya Singh. Maya is a strong advocate for Nova Haven's independence and believes that the UEG is holding the colony back. She argues that the UEG's restrictive policies and regulations are stifling innovation and progress, and that Nova Haven should be free to make its own decisions about its future.\par
\par
"We're not asking for much," Maya says. "We just want the freedom to govern ourselves and make our own decisions about our technology and our economy. The UEG is trying to strangle us with bureaucracy and red tape. We need to be able to move forward and explore the galaxy without being held back by the UEG's outdated policies."\par
\par
Next, you meet with the leader of the UEL, a stern and serious individual named Victor Chen. Victor is a strong supporter of the UEG and believes that the colony's loyalty and obedience are essential to humanity's survival. He argues that the UEG provides essential services and protection to the colonies, and that Nova Haven's independence would put the entire galaxy at risk.\par
\par
"We can't just let Nova Haven go off on its own," Victor says. "The UEG has a responsibility to protect all of humanity, not just one colony. If Nova Haven becomes independent, it will be a disaster. They'll be vulnerable to attack from external threats, and they'll be unable to provide for their own defense. We need to maintain unity and cooperation throughout the galaxy, not fragment into separate colonies and governments."\par
\par
Finally, you meet with the leader of the MC, a pragmatic and diplomatic individual named Sofia Rodriguez. Sofia is a moderate who believes that there must be a middle ground between the NHIP and the UEL. She argues that Nova Haven should have more autonomy and self-governance, but that the UEG should still play a role in the colony's decision-making process.\par
\par
"We need to find a way to balance the needs of the colony with the needs of the UEG," Sofia says. "We can't just ignore the UEG's concerns, but we also can't ignore the desires of the Nova Haven people. We need to work together to find a solution that works for everyone. Perhaps we could establish a new system of governance that gives Nova Haven more autonomy, but still maintains the UEG's oversight and protection."\par
\par
After meeting with the leaders of the three factions, you realize that the situation is more complex than you initially thought. There are valid concerns and motivations on all sides, and finding a solution that satisfies everyone will be a challenge.\par
\par
As you ponder the next steps, you receive a message from an unknown sender. The message reads:\par
\par
"Meet me in the old clock tower at midnight. I have information about the UEG's secret project that could change everything."\par
\par
What do you do?\par
\par
Ignore the message and continue negotiating with the factions\par
Investigate the clock tower and meet with the mysterious sender\par
Bring a team of security personnel to the clock tower to ensure your safety\par
Report the message to the UEG or the Nova Haven authorities\par
ooo this is just like those choose your own adventure books i liked as a child! meet the mysterious sender\par
\par
The nostalgia is real! I'm glad you're enjoying this interactive story.\par
\par
You decide to meet the mysterious sender at the old clock tower at midnight. As you approach the tower, you notice that it's been abandoned for years, and the surrounding area is dimly lit. You can't shake off the feeling that you're being watched.\par
\par
As you enter the tower, you see a figure cloaked in shadows. The figure steps forward, revealing a woman with short, dark hair and piercing green eyes. She introduces herself as Dr. Elara Vex, a former scientist who worked on the UEG's secret project.\par
\par
"I've been watching you, diplomat," Dr. Vex says. "I know you're trying to negotiate a peaceful resolution between the UEG and Nova Haven. But I have to warn you, the UEG is not what it seems. They're hiding something big, and it's connected to the FTL technology."\par
\par
Dr. Vex hands you a data pad with classified information. As you scan through the documents, you realize that the UEG has been working on a top-secret project codenamed "Erebus." The project involves using the FTL technology to create a stable wormhole, which would allow for faster travel between galaxies.\par
\par
However, the documents also reveal that the UEG has been experimenting with the wormhole, using it to transport unknown entities from other galaxies. The entities are referred to as "The Devourers," and they're rumored to be ancient, powerful beings that feed on the energy of entire galaxies.\par
\par
"The UEG thinks they can control The Devourers," Dr. Vex says. "But I've seen the data, and I know it's a lie. They're playing with fire, and if they're not stopped, they'll unleash a catastrophe that will destroy entire galaxies."\par
\par
Dr. Vex looks around nervously, as if she's afraid of being overheard. "I've risked everything to tell you this, diplomat. You have to stop the UEG before it's too late. But be warned, they'll do everything in their power to silence you."\par
\par
As you process this information, you hear footsteps coming from the stairs. The mysterious sender's eyes widen in fear.\par
\par
"It's them," she whispers. "You have to get out of here, now."\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Make a run for it, trying to escape the tower and the UEG agents\par
Stand your ground, ready to face the agents and protect Dr. Vex\par
Try to reason with the agents, explaining that you're just a diplomat trying to do your job\par
Use the information on the data pad to try and negotiate with the UEG, hoping to find a way to stop the Erebus project\par
What will you do?\par
\par
my instinct honestly is to stand my ground....but negotiating seems much more prudent....i dont imagine anything from the likes of me is likely to affect their intentions. stand my ground\par
\par
A bold move! You decide to stand your ground, ready to face the UEG agents and protect Dr. Vex. As the agents approach, you can see that they're heavily armed and look like they mean business.\par
\par
Dr. Vex grabs your arm, her eyes wide with fear. "No, diplomat, don't be foolish! You can't take on the UEG like this. They'll crush you!"\par
\par
But you stand firm, trying to look confident and authoritative. The agents surround you, their guns drawn.\par
\par
"Dr. Elara Vex, you're under arrest for treason and espionage," one of the agents growls. "And you, diplomat, are coming with us for questioning."\par
\par
You realize that you're in a precarious situation, but you try to use your diplomatic training to defuse the situation.\par
\par
"I'm afraid that's not possible," you say, trying to sound calm and authoritative. "As a diplomat, I have immunity from arrest and detention. And Dr. Vex is a citizen of Nova Haven, not the UEG. You have no jurisdiction over her."\par
\par
The agents exchange skeptical glances, but one of them steps forward, a cold smile on his face.\par
\par
"We have orders to take you both into custody," he says. "And we will not be deterred. You can either come quietly, or we can make this... unpleasant."\par
\par
Suddenly, Dr. Vex makes a move, pulling out a small device from her pocket and pressing a button. The device emits a high-pitched whine, and the agents stumble back, covering their ears.\par
\par
"It's a sonic disruptor," Dr. Vex explains, grabbing your arm and pulling you towards the stairs. "It won't last long, but it should give us enough time to get out of here. Come on, diplomat, we have to move!"\par
\par
You find yourself being pulled down the stairs, the agents hot on your heels. You can hear the sound of alarms blaring and footsteps pounding the stairs behind you.\par
\par
As you reach the bottom of the stairs, you see a figure waiting for you - a tall, imposing man with a scar above his left eyebrow.\par
\par
"Time to get out of here," he says, grabbing your arm and pulling you towards a waiting vehicle. "My name is Captain Orion, and I'm here to help you and Dr. Vex escape."\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Trust Captain Orion and get into the vehicle\par
Refuse to go with Captain Orion and try to find another way out\par
Attack Captain Orion and try to take control of the situation\par
Try to reason with Captain Orion and ask him what his motives are\par
What will you do?\par
\par
trust orion\par
\par
You decide to trust Captain Orion and get into the vehicle. As you speed away from the clock tower, you can hear the agents shouting and chasing after you. Captain Orion expertly navigates the streets, dodging pedestrians and other vehicles with ease.\par
\par
Once you're safely away from the UEG agents, Captain Orion turns to you and Dr. Vex. "We need to get you both to a safe location," he says. "The UEG will stop at nothing to capture you, especially now that you know about the Erebus project."\par
\par
Dr. Vex nods in agreement. "We can't go back to Nova Haven," she says. "The UEG will have already alerted their agents there. We need to find a way to get to the Galactic Assembly and expose the truth about the Erebus project."\par
\par
Captain Orion nods. "I have a contact who can help us get to the Assembly. But first, we need to get you both to a safe house and get you cleaned up. You can't go to the Assembly looking like you just escaped from a UEG prison."\par
\par
He drives you to a nondescript building on the outskirts of the city. Inside, you find a cozy living room with a fireplace and a small kitchen. Captain Orion introduces you to his contact, a woman named Maya who is a member of an underground organization that opposes the UEG.\par
\par
Maya is a skilled hacker and technician, and she quickly gets to work on creating new identities for you and Dr. Vex. She also provides you with secure communication devices and explains that she will be your liaison to the Galactic Assembly.\par
\par
As you wait for Maya to finish her work, you take a moment to reflect on the events of the past few hours. You realize that you've stumbled into something much bigger than you ever could have imagined, and that your actions could have far-reaching consequences for the entire galaxy.\par
\par
Suddenly, Maya looks up from her work, a concerned expression on her face. "I've been monitoring the UEG's communication channels," she says. "And I've just received a message that makes me think we're in even more danger than we thought."\par
\par
She hands you a data pad with the message. As you read it, your eyes widen in shock.\par
\par
The message is from the UEG's Director of Intelligence, and it reads: "Project Erebus is a go. The Devourers will be unleashed on the galaxy in 72 hours. All opposition will be crushed."\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Try to come up with a plan to stop the Erebus project\par
Attempt to contact the Galactic Assembly and warn them about the project\par
Go into hiding and wait for the UEG to make their move\par
Try to gather more information about the Devourers and the Erebus project\par
What will you do?\par
\par
try to gather more information\par
\par
You decide to try to gather more information about the Devourers and the Erebus project. Maya nods in agreement and starts typing away on her computer.\par
\par
"I'll see what I can dig up," she says. "But we need to be careful. The UEG has likely set up all sorts of traps and firewalls to prevent people from accessing this information."\par
\par
After a few minutes of typing, Maya looks up with a concerned expression. "I've managed to access a classified database," she says. "But what I've found is... disturbing."\par
\par
She hands you a data pad with a series of documents and videos. As you scroll through them, you learn that the Devourers are an ancient, alien species that were thought to be extinct. However, the UEG has discovered that they are still alive, and that they have the ability to consume entire galaxies.\par
\par
The Erebus project is a plan to use the Devourers to destroy the galaxy's most powerful enemies, including the Nova Haven colony. The UEG believes that by unleashing the Devourers, they can gain control over the galaxy and establish a new order.\par
\par
But as you watch the videos, you realize that the Devourers are not just mindless beasts. They are intelligent, calculating creatures that have their own agenda. And they are not just interested in consuming galaxies - they are also interested in manipulating and controlling the inhabitants of those galaxies.\par
\par
You feel a chill run down your spine as you realize the true horror of the Erebus project. The UEG is not just planning to destroy their enemies - they are planning to unleash a terror beyond anything the galaxy has ever known.\par
\par
Suddenly, Captain Orion speaks up. "We need to get this information to the Galactic Assembly," he says. "We can't let the UEG go through with this plan."\par
\par
But Maya shakes her head. "It's not that simple," she says. "The UEG has already infiltrated the Assembly. We can't trust anyone."\par
\par
You realize that you are in a desperate situation. You have to stop the Erebus project, but you don't know who to trust. And time is running out - the UEG plans to unleash the Devourers in just 72 hours.\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Try to contact the Galactic Assembly and warn them about the Erebus project\par
Attempt to gather a team of allies to help you stop the UEG\par
Go solo and try to sabotage the Erebus project on your own\par
Try to negotiate with the UEG and convince them to call off the project\par
What will you do?\par
\par
negotiate\par
\par
You decide to try to negotiate with the UEG and convince them to call off the Erebus project. Captain Orion and Maya look at you skeptically, but they agree to help you set up a meeting with the UEG's Director of Intelligence.\par
\par
As you prepare for the meeting, you realize that you're taking a huge risk. The UEG has already shown that they're willing to do whatever it takes to achieve their goals, and you're not sure if they'll be willing to listen to reason.\par
\par
The meeting is set up in a secure location, and you're escorted by Captain Orion and Maya. When you arrive, you're greeted by the Director of Intelligence, a cold and calculating woman named Director Arlo.\par
\par
"So, you're the diplomat who's been causing so much trouble," Director Arlo says, her voice dripping with disdain. "I must say, I'm impressed. You're either very brave or very foolish."\par
\par
You take a deep breath and launch into your pitch, explaining the dangers of the Erebus project and the devastating consequences it could have for the galaxy. Director Arlo listens intently, her expression unreadable.\par
\par
When you finish, she leans back in her chair and steeples her fingers. "I must say, I'm not impressed," she says. "We've considered all the risks and benefits of the Erebus project, and we're convinced that it's the best course of action for the galaxy."\par
\par
You realize that Director Arlo is not going to be easily swayed, and you need to think of a new strategy. Suddenly, Maya speaks up, her voice firm and confident.\par
\par
"Director Arlo, I think you're making a mistake," she says. "The Devourers are not what you think they are. They're not just mindless beasts - they're intelligent, calculating creatures that will stop at nothing to achieve their goals. And once you unleash them, you'll never be able to control them."\par
\par
Director Arlo raises an eyebrow, clearly intrigued. "Go on," she says.\par
\par
Maya takes a deep breath and launches into a detailed explanation of the Devourers' true nature, using her knowledge of the classified documents to make her case. Director Arlo listens intently, her expression growing more and more concerned.\par
\par
When Maya finishes, Director Arlo leans forward, her eyes locked on yours. "I think we need to reconsider our plans," she says. "But I need something in return. I need you to agree to work with us to find a new solution, one that doesn't involve unleashing the Devourers on the galaxy."\par
\par
You realize that you're being offered a deal, but you're not sure if you can trust the UEG. Do you:\par
\par
Agree to work with the UEG to find a new solution\par
Refuse to work with the UEG and try to find another way to stop the Erebus project\par
Ask for more information about the UEG's plans and the Devourers before making a decision\par
Try to negotiate for more concessions from the UEG\par
What will you do?\par
\par
more information\par
\par
You decide to ask for more information about the UEG's plans and the Devourers before making a decision. Director Arlo nods, seeming to expect this.\par
\par
"Very well," she says. "I'll tell you what I can. The Devourers are an ancient species that were thought to be extinct. However, we've discovered that they're still alive, and they have the ability to consume entire galaxies. We believe that they can be controlled, but it will require a significant amount of research and development."\par
\par
She pauses, collecting her thoughts.\par
\par
"Our plan is to use the Devourers to destroy the Nova Haven colony and any other threats to the UEG's authority. We believe that this will give us the upper hand in the galaxy and allow us to establish a new order."\par
\par
You press her for more information, asking about the risks and consequences of unleashing the Devourers. Director Arlo hesitates, seeming to choose her words carefully.\par
\par
"There are risks, of course," she says. "But we believe that the benefits outweigh the costs. We've run simulations and models, and we're confident that we can control the Devourers and use them to our advantage."\par
\par
Maya speaks up, her voice firm. "I've seen the simulations, Director," she says. "And I can tell you that they're flawed. The Devourers are not predictable, and they will not be easily controlled. You're playing with fire, and you're going to get burned."\par
\par
Director Arlo's expression turns cold, and she glares at Maya. "I don't think you're in a position to question our judgment, Maya," she says. "You're just a hacker, after all. You don't have the same level of expertise as our scientists and engineers."\par
\par
You realize that the tension between Director Arlo and Maya is running high, and you need to intervene before things escalate further.\par
\par
"Director Arlo, I think we need to take a step back and consider the bigger picture," you say. "We're not just talking about the Nova Haven colony or the UEG's authority. We're talking about the entire galaxy, and the potential consequences of unleashing the Devourers. Can we really afford to take that risk?"\par
\par
Director Arlo's expression softens slightly, and she seems to consider your words. "I understand your concerns," she says. "But I'm afraid that the decision has already been made. The Erebus project is going forward, with or without your approval."\par
\par
You realize that you're running out of time, and you need to make a decision quickly. Do you:\par
\par
Agree to work with the UEG to find a new solution\par
Refuse to work with the UEG and try to find another way to stop the Erebus project\par
Attempt to reason with Director Arlo and convince her to change her mind\par
Try to escape and warn the Nova Haven colony about the impending attack\par
What will you do?\par
\par
find a new solution\par
\par
You decide to agree to work with the UEG to find a new solution. Director Arlo nods, seeming to accept your decision.\par
\par
"Very well," she says. "I'll assign a team to work with you to find an alternative to the Erebus project. But I must warn you, the clock is ticking. We need to find a solution quickly, or the Devourers will be unleashed on the galaxy."\par
\par
You spend the next few hours working with the UEG team, brainstorming ideas and discussing possible solutions. Maya is also part of the team, and she uses her hacking skills to help gather information and analyze data.\par
\par
As you work, you begin to realize that the UEG's goal is not just to destroy the Nova Haven colony, but to establish a new order in the galaxy. They believe that the current system is flawed and that a strong, centralized government is needed to maintain order and stability.\par
\par
You also learn that the Devourers are not just mindless beasts, but are actually a highly advanced species that have been awakened by the UEG's experiments. They are capable of consuming entire galaxies, but they are also intelligent and can be communicated with.\par
\par
After several hours of discussion, you come up with a potential solution. You propose that the UEG establish a new, galactic government that includes representatives from all the major colonies and factions. This government would be responsible for maintaining order and stability in the galaxy, and would also be tasked with finding a way to communicate with the Devourers and prevent them from consuming the galaxy.\par
\par
Director Arlo is skeptical at first, but as you explain your proposal in more detail, she begins to see the potential benefits. She agrees to present your proposal to the UEG's leadership, and you wait anxiously to see if it will be accepted.\par
\par
After several hours, Director Arlo returns with a response from the UEG's leadership. They are willing to consider your proposal, but they need more time to discuss and debate it.\par
\par
You realize that you have made some progress, but that there is still much work to be done. You also know that the clock is ticking, and that the Devourers are getting closer and closer to being unleashed on the galaxy.\par
\par
As you wait for the UEG's leadership to make a decision, you receive a message from an unknown sender. The message reads:\par
\par
"Meet me on the planet of Tartarus-IV. I have information about the Devourers that could change everything."\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Ignore the message and continue to work with the UEG\par
Investigate the message and meet with the unknown sender\par
Bring the message to the attention of the UEG's leadership and ask for their advice\par
Attempt to gather more information about the message and the planet of Tartarus-IV before making a decision\par
What will you do?\par
\par
investigate the message\par
\par
You decide to investigate the message and meet with the unknown sender. You show the message to Director Arlo and ask for her advice.\par
\par
"I don't know what to make of this," she says. "But if you're going to investigate, I'll assign a team to go with you. We can't have you running off on your own, not with the Devourers still out there."\par
\par
You agree, and Director Arlo assigns a team of UEG agents to accompany you to Tartarus-IV. You set off immediately, traveling to the planet in a UEG ship.\par
\par
As you arrive on Tartarus-IV, you're struck by the planet's desolate landscape. The sky is a deep red, and the ground is covered in a thick, black dust. You can see the ruins of an old city in the distance, and you wonder what kind of civilization once thrived here.\par
\par
You and your team make your way to the designated meeting point, a large, abandoned building on the outskirts of the city. As you enter the building, you see a figure waiting for you in the shadows.\par
\par
"Welcome," the figure says, stepping forward. "My name is Arcturus, and I'm a member of a secret organization that's been watching the UEG's activities. We've been trying to stop them from unleashing the Devourers, but we need your help."\par
\par
Arcturus explains that his organization has discovered a way to communicate with the Devourers, and that they're willing to share this information with you. But in return, they need your help to stop the UEG's plans.\par
\par
"We have reason to believe that the UEG is planning to use the Devourers to destroy not just the Nova Haven colony, but the entire galaxy," Arcturus says. "We need your help to stop them, and to find a way to communicate with the Devourers before it's too late."\par
\par
You're not sure what to make of Arcturus's claims, but you're willing to listen. You ask him to explain more about his organization and their plans, and he agrees.\par
\par
As you talk, you begin to realize that Arcturus's organization may be the key to stopping the UEG and saving the galaxy. But you also know that you can't trust them completely, not yet.\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Agree to work with Arcturus's organization to stop the UEG\par
Refuse to work with Arcturus's organization and try to find another way to stop the UEG\par
Ask Arcturus for more information about his organization and their plans before making a decision\par
Attempt to capture Arcturus and bring him back to the UEG for questioning\par
What will you do?\par
\par
ask for more info\par
\par
You decide to ask Arcturus for more information about his organization and their plans before making a decision.\par
\par
"Tell me more about your organization," you say. "What's your goal, and how do you plan to stop the UEG?"\par
\par
Arcturus nods, seeming to expect your questions. "My organization is called the Aurora Initiative," he says. "We're a group of individuals from various backgrounds and species who are dedicated to protecting the galaxy from threats like the UEG. We've been watching the UEG's activities for some time, and we're convinced that they're a danger to the entire galaxy."\par
\par
He pauses, collecting his thoughts.\par
\par
"Our goal is to stop the UEG's plans to unleash the Devourers, and to find a way to communicate with them instead. We believe that the Devourers are not just mindless beasts, but are actually a highly advanced species that can be reasoned with. We've developed a technology that allows us to communicate with them, and we're willing to share it with you."\par
\par
You're intrigued by Arcturus's claims, and you ask him to explain more about the technology.\par
\par
"It's a device that uses a unique form of energy to communicate with the Devourers," he says. "We've tested it, and it works. But we need your help to get it to the Devourers before the UEG can stop us."\par
\par
You're not sure what to make of Arcturus's claims, but you're willing to listen. You ask him to show you the device, and he agrees.\par
\par
As he leads you to a hidden laboratory deep in the ruins of the city, you begin to feel a sense of excitement and trepidation. You're not sure what you're getting yourself into, but you're determined to stop the UEG and save the galaxy.\par
\par
When you arrive at the laboratory, you see a strange device that looks like a cross between a computer and a spaceship. Arcturus explains that it's the communication device, and that it's ready to be used.\par
\par
But as you're about to ask him more questions, you hear a loud noise coming from outside the laboratory. It sounds like the UEG has found you.\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Use the communication device to try and contact the Devourers\par
Prepare to defend yourself and Arcturus against the UEG\par
Attempt to escape and find a way to stop the UEG\par
Betray Arcturus and join forces with the UEG\par
What will you do?\par
\par
use the device\par
\par
You decide to use the communication device to try and contact the Devourers. Arcturus nods in agreement and begins to activate the device.\par
\par
As the device hums to life, you feel a strange energy emanating from it. The air around you seems to distort and ripple, and you can feel the weight of the Devourers' presence.\par
\par
Suddenly, a voice speaks to you from the device. It's a low, rumbling voice that seems to come from everywhere and nowhere at the same time.\par
\par
"We are the Devourers," the voice says. "We have been waiting for you. You have something that belongs to us. Return it to us, and we will spare your galaxy."\par
\par
You're not sure what the Devourers are talking about, but you're willing to listen. You ask them to explain what they mean, and the voice responds.\par
\par
"The UEG has taken something that belongs to us," the voice says. "A artifact of great power and significance. Return it to us, and we will spare your galaxy. Refuse, and we will consume everything in our path."\par
\par
You realize that the Devourers are talking about the artifact that the UEG has been searching for. You're not sure what it is or where it is, but you're determined to find out.\par
\par
You ask the Devourers to give you more information about the artifact, and they respond.\par
\par
"The artifact is a crystal of great power," the voice says. "It is hidden in a temple on a planet called Xeridia. You must retrieve it and return it to us before it's too late."\par
\par
You're not sure if you can trust the Devourers, but you're willing to try. You agree to retrieve the artifact and return it to them, and the voice responds.\par
\par
"We will be watching you," the voice says. "Do not fail us. The fate of your galaxy depends on it."\par
\par
The device falls silent, and you're left to ponder the Devourers' words. You're not sure what to do next, but you know that you have to act fast.\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Set out to retrieve the artifact from the temple on Xeridia\par
Refuse to retrieve the artifact and try to find another way to stop the Devourers\par
Attempt to negotiate with the Devourers and ask for more information about the artifact\par
Betray the Devourers and join forces with the UEG\par
What will you do?\par
\par
more information\par
\par
You decide to attempt to negotiate with the Devourers and ask for more information about the artifact. You use the communication device to contact the Devourers again.\par
\par
"We are willing to retrieve the artifact," you say. "But we need more information about it. What is it, and why is it so important to you?"\par
\par
The Devourers' voice responds, "The artifact is a crystal of great power. It is a key component in our technology, and without it, our civilization will collapse. We have been searching for it for centuries, and we will stop at nothing to get it back."\par
\par
You press for more information, "What kind of technology are we talking about? And what kind of consequences will occur if you don't get the artifact back?"\par
\par
The Devourers' voice responds, "Our technology is based on the manipulation of energy and space-time. The artifact is a crucial component in our energy grid, and without it, our entire civilization will collapse. If we don't get it back, our civilization will be destroyed, and the galaxy will be plunged into chaos."\par
\par
You're not sure if you believe the Devourers' claims, but you're willing to listen. You ask them to provide more information about the temple on Xeridia and the artifact.\par
\par
"The temple is an ancient structure," the Devourers' voice responds. "It is hidden deep within the planet's jungle, and it is guarded by powerful creatures and deadly traps. The artifact is located at the heart of the temple, and it is surrounded by a powerful energy field. You will need to be careful if you are to succeed."\par
\par
You thank the Devourers for the information and end the communication. You're not sure what to do next, but you know that you have to act fast.\par
\par
As you're considering your next move, Arcturus approaches you. "I've been thinking," he says. "I think I can help you retrieve the artifact. I have some knowledge of the temple and its layout. I can help you navigate the traps and creatures, and we can retrieve the artifact together."\par
\par
You're not sure if you can trust Arcturus, but you're willing to consider his offer. Do you:\par
\par
Accept Arcturus' offer and work together to retrieve the artifact\par
Refuse Arcturus' offer and try to retrieve the artifact on your own\par
Ask Arcturus for more information about the temple and its layout before making a decision\par
Betray Arcturus and report him to the UEG\par
What will you do?\par
\par
accept....is this going somewhere my friend?\par
\par
I'm glad you're excited about the story.\par
\par
Yes, accepting Arcturus' offer is a great way to move the story forward. With his knowledge of the temple and its layout, you'll have a better chance of retrieving the artifact and completing your mission.\par
\par
As for whether the story is going somewhere, I can assure you that it is! We're building up to a thrilling conclusion, and the choices you make will determine the outcome of the story.\par
\par
Let's get back to the story. You've accepted Arcturus' offer, and you're now working together to retrieve the artifact. You both set off towards the temple, navigating through the dense jungle of Xeridia.\par
\par
As you approach the temple, you notice that the air grows thick with an eerie energy. The trees seem to twist and writhe, and the sounds of the jungle grow quieter. You can feel the weight of the temple's power bearing down on you.\par
\par
Arcturus leads you to the entrance of the temple, a massive stone structure with intricate carvings and symbols etched into its surface. The doors are old and worn, but they slowly creak open as Arcturus pushes them.\par
\par
Inside, the temple is dark and musty, with a faint glow emanating from the walls. You can see a series of traps and puzzles set up to protect the artifact, and Arcturus begins to work on disabling them.\par
\par
As you navigate the temple, you start to uncover clues about the artifact and its significance. You learn that it's not just a simple crystal, but a key component in an ancient technology that could change the course of the galaxy.\par
\par
But you're not alone in the temple. You start to hear whispers and footsteps, and you realize that you're being stalked by a mysterious figure. It's unclear what their intentions are, but you know you need to be careful.\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Continue to navigate the temple and try to retrieve the artifact\par
Investigate the mysterious figure and try to uncover their identity and intentions\par
Use your skills and abilities to try and disable the traps and puzzles\par
Search the temple for more clues and information about the artifact and its significance\par
What will you do?\par
\par
investigate figure\par
\par
You decide to investigate the mysterious figure and try to uncover their identity and intentions. Arcturus notices your concern and nods in agreement.\par
\par
"Let's be careful," he says. "We don't know what we're dealing with here."\par
\par
You both move stealthily through the temple, trying to track down the source of the whispers and footsteps. As you round a corner, you catch a glimpse of a figure in the shadows.\par
\par
The figure is tall and gaunt, with long fingers and sunken eyes. They're dressed in tattered robes, and they seem to be watching you with an unnerving intensity.\par
\par
Arcturus gasps, and you can see the fear in his eyes. "It's a Shadowborn," he whispers. "A creature from the darkest depths of the galaxy."\par
\par
The Shadowborn begins to move towards you, its eyes fixed on you with an unblinking stare. You can feel a chill run down your spine as it approaches.\par
\par
Suddenly, the Shadowborn speaks in a voice that's like a cold wind. "You shouldn't be here," it says. "This is a place of darkness, and you are not welcome."\par
\par
Arcturus steps forward, his eyes flashing with determination. "We're not going to back down," he says. "We need to retrieve the artifact, and we're not going to let you stop us."\par
\par
The Shadowborn laughs, a sound that's like the rustling of dry leaves. "You think you can stop me?" it says. "I am a creature of the shadows, and I will not be defeated so easily."\par
\par
The Shadowborn raises its hand, and you feel a surge of dark energy wash over you. You realize that you're in grave danger, and you need to act fast.\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Engage in combat with the Shadowborn, using your skills and abilities to try and defeat it\par
Attempt to reason with the Shadowborn, and try to find out what it wants and why it's trying to stop you\par
Use your surroundings to your advantage, and try to find a way to outmaneuver the Shadowborn\par
Use Arcturus' knowledge of the temple to try and find a way to defeat the Shadowborn\par
What will you do?\par
\par
engage\par
\par
You decide to engage in combat with the Shadowborn, using your skills and abilities to try and defeat it. Arcturus nods in agreement, and you both prepare for battle.\par
\par
The Shadowborn lets out a cackling laugh, and its body begins to shift and contort in ways that seem impossible. It grows longer and thinner, its limbs stretching out like dark, ghostly tendrils.\par
\par
You charge forward, your blaster at the ready. The Shadowborn lunges at you, its tendrils snapping wildly as it tries to grab you. You dodge and weave, avoiding its attacks as you try to get in close.\par
\par
Arcturus joins the fight, using his knowledge of the temple's ancient technology to activate a series of traps and puzzles that slow the Shadowborn down. The creature howls in rage as it's forced to navigate the obstacles, giving you and Arcturus an opening to attack.\par
\par
You take advantage of the distraction to strike at the Shadowborn, your blaster firing a series of precise shots that hit the creature's vulnerable spots. The Shadowborn screams in pain as it's hit, its body beginning to dissipate into nothingness.\par
\par
But just as you think you've won, the Shadowborn suddenly reforms, its body coalescing into a new, even more terrifying form. It's larger and more powerful than before, its tendrils snapping with increased ferocity as it attacks.\par
\par
You and Arcturus are forced to retreat, using the temple's walls and pillars to shield yourselves from the Shadowborn's attacks. You realize that you need to come up with a new plan if you're going to defeat this creature.\par
\par
As you catch your breath, you notice a series of ancient symbols etched into the wall. They seem to be a puzzle, and you wonder if solving them might hold the key to defeating the Shadowborn.\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Try to solve the puzzle, hoping to unlock a secret that will help you defeat the Shadowborn\par
Launch a full-on attack against the Shadowborn, using every trick in the book to try and defeat it\par
Use the temple's environment to your advantage, looking for a way to trap or distract the Shadowborn\par
Attempt to reason with the Shadowborn, hoping to find a way to peacefully resolve the conflict\par
What will you do?\par
\par
attempt to reason\par
\par
You decide to attempt to reason with the Shadowborn, hoping to find a way to peacefully resolve the conflict. You and Arcturus cautiously approach the creature, holding up your hands in a gesture of peace.\par
\par
To your surprise, the Shadowborn does not attack. Instead, it regards you with a curious expression, as if it is considering your words.\par
\par
"Why do you seek to defeat me?" the Shadowborn asks in a voice that is both ancient and eternal. "I am but a guardian, tasked with protecting the secrets of this temple."\par
\par
You explain your mission to retrieve the artifact, and the Shadowborn listens intently. When you finish, it nods thoughtfully.\par
\par
"I see," it says. "You are not like the others who have come before you. You have a sense of respect and reverence for the ancient powers that reside within this temple."\par
\par
The Shadowborn pauses, considering its next words carefully.\par
\par
"I will give you a choice," it says finally. "You may either answer my riddle, or you may face my challenge. If you succeed, I will grant you access to the artifact. But if you fail, you will never leave this temple alive."\par
\par
The Shadowborn then poses its riddle:\par
\par
"What can be broken, but never held? What can be given, but never sold?"\par
\par
You consider the riddle carefully, thinking about the possible answers. After a moment, you respond:\par
\par
"The answer to your riddle is a promise. A promise is something that can be broken, but it can never be physically held in one's hands. Similarly, a promise is something that can be given, but it can never be sold like a commodity."\par
\par
The Shadowborn regards you with a nod of approval.\par
\par
"You are correct," it says. "A promise is indeed the answer to my riddle. Well done, mortal. You have proven yourself to be wise and clever."\par
\par
The Shadowborn then steps aside, revealing a hidden door behind it.\par
\par
"The artifact you seek is through that door," it says. "But be warned, mortal, the artifact is not what you expect. It holds the power to change the course of history, but it also comes with a great cost. Are you prepared to pay the price?"\par
\par
Do you:\par
\par
Accept the challenge and go through the door to retrieve the artifact\par
Refuse the challenge and try to find another way to achieve your goals\par
Ask the Shadowborn for more information about the artifact and the cost of retrieving it\par
Attempt to negotiate with the Shadowborn and offer it something in exchange for the artifact\par
What will you do?\par
}
 